feat(protocol/withdrawal-flow): Initial version (#743)
ethereum-optimism/community-hub: src/docs/protocol/withdrawal-flow.md

   This function calculates the hash of the raw withdrawal fields.
   It then [marks that hash as a sent message in `sentMessages`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/develop/packages/contracts-bedrock/contracts/L2/L2ToL1MessagePasser.sol#L114) and [emits the fields with the hash in a `MessagePassed` event](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/develop/packages/contracts-bedrock/contracts/L2/L2ToL1MessagePasser.sol#L116-L124).

   The raw withdrawal fields are:

   - `nonce` - A single use value to prevent two otherwise identical withdrawals from hashing to the same value
   - `sender` - The L2 address that initiated the transfer, typically [`L2CrossDomainMessenger`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/develop/packages/contracts-bedrock/contracts/L2/L2CrossDomainMessenger.sol)
   - `target` - The L1 target address
   - `value` - The amount of WEI transferred by this transaction

>    - `gasLimit` - Gas limit for the transaction

Reviewer: This `gasLimit` value is actually a secondary (inner) minimum gas limit, specifying the minimum amount of gas that the `L1CrossDomainMessenger` can supply to the withdrawal transaction. Unlike the minimum gas limit check in the `OptimismPortal`, this one will not revert if it cannot be met. Extra gas is reserved to assign the message to the `failedMessages` mapping to allow for replayability in this situation.

This path is confusing and complex, so feel free to ask questions 😄

   - `data` - The calldata for the withdrawal transaction

1. When `op-proposer` [proposes a new output](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/develop/op-proposer/proposer/l2_output_submitter.go#L322-L329), the output proposal includes [the output root](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/develop/op-proposer/proposer/l2_output_submitter.go#L287-L314), provided as part of the block by `op-node`. 

>    This new output root is affected by `L2ToL1MessagePasser.sentMessages`, and can be used to prove it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This new output root commits to the state of the `sentMessages` mapping in the `L2ToL1MessagePasser` contract's storage on L2, and it can be used to prove the presence of a pending withdrawal within it.
```

1. To get from the L2 transaction hash to the raw withdrawal fields, the SDK uses [`toLowLevelMessage`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/develop/packages/sdk/src/cross-chain-messenger.ts#L380-L455).
      It gets them from the `MessagePassed` event in the receipt.

1. To get the proof, the SDK uses [`getBedrockMessageProof`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/develop/packages/sdk/src/cross-chain-messenger.ts#L1353-L1400).

1. Finally, the SDK calls [`OptimismPortal.proveWithdrawalTransaction()`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/develop/packages/contracts-bedrock/contracts/L1/OptimismPortal.sol#L234-L318) on L1.

### Onchain processing

[`OptimismPortal.proveWithdrawalTransaction()`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/develop/packages/contracts-bedrock/contracts/L1/OptimismPortal.sol#L234-L318) runs a few sanity checks.
Then it verifies that in `L2ToL1MessagePasser.sentMessages` on L2 the hash for the withdrawal is turned on, and that this proof have not been submitted before.

> If everything checks out, it writes the output root, the timestamp, and the L2 output root to which it applies in `provenWithdrawals` and emits an event. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything checks out, it writes the output root, the timestamp, and the L2 output index to which it applies in `provenWithdrawals` and emits an event. 
```
